Create Headings README.md (#968)
bbc/simorgh: src/app/components/Headings/README.md

# Headings [![Storybook](https://github.com/storybooks/press/blob/master/badges/storybook.svg)](https://simorghstorybook.now.sh/?selectedKind=Headline)

## Description

> The Headings are a set of two components, `Headline` and `Subheading`. They use a `h1` and `h1` HTML element respectively, with the `Headline` being designed for a single use on the page, with `Subheading` being aimed at repeate use.

Reviewer: > They use a `h1` and `h1` HTML element respectively

I assume the second of these is incorrect? 😛

> being aimed at repeate use.

Similarly, _repeated_.

> The Headings are a set of two components, `Headline` and `Subheading`. They use a `h1` and `h1` HTML element respectively, with the `Headline` being designed for a single use on the page, with `Subheading` being aimed at repeate use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Headings are a set of two components, `Headline` and `Subheading`. They use a `h1` and `h2` HTML element respectively, with the `Headline` being designed for a single use on the page, with `Subheading` being aimed at repeated use.
```

## When to use this component

> These components can be used at any point on the page, however the `Headline` is designed to be used once at the top of the page. The `Subheadline` adds an `id` value to the `h2` which can be used as an ancor when referencing content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These components can be used at any point on the page, however the `Headline` is designed to be used once at the top of the page. The `Subheadline` adds an `id` value to the `h2` which can be used as an anchor when referencing content.
```
